feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/65549f90cf78131c96ebcf28.md

---
id: 65549f90cf78131c96ebcf28
title: Step 47
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-47
---

# --description--

> When you write code, it's important to keep things readable. Comments enables you to write notes about your code and they are very effective to explain the logic behind it. Comments are very helpful both for you, when you come back to work on a project after days or weeks, and for your collegues.
> 
> In Python you can write a comment using a `#`. Anything that comes after the `#` won't be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When coding, readability is key. Comments serve as effective notes, explaining the logic behind your code. They prove valuable when returning to a project after some time and also aid your colleagues in understanding the code.

In Python, you can write a comment using a `#`. Anything that comes after the `#` won't be executed.

```

---
id: 65549f90cf78131c96ebcf28
title: Step 56
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-56
---

# --description--

When coding, readability is key. Comments serve as effective notes, explaining the logic behind your code. They prove valuable when returning to a project after some time and also aid your colleagues in understanding the code.

In Python, you can write a comment using a `#`. Anything that comes after the `#` won't be executed.

> Before your `if` statement, add a comment saying `Append space to the message`.

Reviewer 2: I understand the need to introduce how to use comments. However used examples are focused on _what_ is in the code - not _why_, they don't add anything that cannot be read from code itself almost effortlessly.

Some idea for making comment justified:
```suggestion
Before your `if` statement, add a comment saying `Spaces are not encrypted in the message`.
```

Author: I'm going to keep this and the other hint-related conversation unresolved for now. Since the overall structure of this project is fine, I will prioritize the other projects and come back to hints later on. Thanks for your suggestions.
